[Music]
this chef is a master
manon takes out a duck freehand break
the bones and brush the duck body with
seasoning
put the knife into the duck belly just
stir it up like that
the skill of separating flesh and blood
in an instant is simply amazing
duck belly into the ingredient pot broth
then wrap it with lotus leaves and then
wrap the outer layer with coarse salt
finally of course an ancestral iron pot
is needed
put hot salt in the pot and bury the
duck in the salt
slowly cooked with salt knock on the
back of the sword
perfect out of the pot with a light
stroke of a knife the soup slowly flows
out of the beautiful inspiring soul
the man named zaofang is the most famous
chef in cheng fang
the skill of knives is even more
outstanding diners from 10 miles and
eight towns have come here admiringly
the long dragon outside the restaurant
cues from morning to night every day
until this day a new one opened across
the street michelin restaurant diners
have been robbed
their chef is called and paul known as
the french michelin three-star chef
this person is very particular about
cooking especially the plate must be
made in a pattern
it's okay to grab business he even
threatened on the show
chinese food is too conservative don't
know how to keep up with the times
no change in the past 90 years southang
was so angry that he found the chef
decided to teach him what is a craft
of course some people don't dare to
speak slowly when they come to the chef
this time they are better than a knife
the chef took out a fish and cut it in
half
quickly touch the fish with your hands
then use silver to accurately pull out
each fishbone
now it's sal fang's turn to see him fish
quickly cut into pieces and then swipe
to the end
shake cleanly perfect separation of skin
and meat
the chef opens his eyes the knives of
chinese chefs are so superb
the chef finally realized that he did
have a prejudice against chinese food
he sent an invitation to apologize
invite saofang to have dinner at their
restaurant southang readily agrees that
he wants to see western food
what's so special about coming to the
restaurant they ordered the signature
dishes in the store
but when i brought it up it turned out
to be a fried poached egg
what is this thing are you looking down
on us but after a taste i realize that
this is not a poached egg at all
but mango and passion fruit fried egg
made by mixing foreign wine and frozen
coconut milk
then the waiter brought another dish the
two of them were completely dumbfounded
this is clearly a potted plant two
people come to the restaurant for dinner
the waiter brought a pot of plants
pour a little water on the plants grow
quickly
it turns out that this is called all the
elements in the growth salad
you can use zaofang to pick up potted
plants going to the wind in anger
cooking is not magic he wants to teach
this french chef mulan
wado was called kai i saw him cut the
green onions into sections
put it in a frying pan and fry it then
cut the beef into thick pieces
put it in a pot and mix with green
onions and stir fry for a homemade dish
stir-fried beef with green onion is
perfectly baked
the chef is not to be outdone he adopts
classic western food
grilled over an open fire until five
minutes cooked cut into pieces and put
in the plate
then use apple technique to smoke beef
soft and tender in the mouth and paired
with wine
complement each other pinger flavored
beef is really different
the chef also tasted the beef with
scallions the taste is tender
green onion fragrant and greasy
and promised to compete in a real king
chef competition
soon it will be the contest soon the
normal school competition is coming
the judges tasted the dishes first the
chef made caramelized foie gras and
fatty foie gras
caramel and pineapple match the judges
are full of praise
let's look at saofang's universe called
wahi looks mediocre
but i was completely stunned when i ate
it the meat is delicious and the inside
is heaven and earth and the outside is
salty
and the scent of sand ginger has the
sweetness of mint it has a very
refreshing smell from the snowy
mountains
all fused in a tender duck meat jenkin's
name is wah duck really well deserved
souffang thought he would win this time
but the result came out but was
disappointed
their ratings are the same but the
judges thought he was too bad
awarded the champion to the chef
saofang left angrily sure enough he went
back to the restaurant owner to tell the
truth
it turns out that they secretly bought
the judges the aim is to win the
qualifications for international
competitions
but they don't want the chef to compete
but let the boss go
because they have long discovered that
the chef has lost his sense of taste
the reason why he can be a chef it all
depends on the all-purpose recipe
but the chef will never let go obviously
won the game
never let the opportunity go so i found
zaofang and decided to join him
participate in the upcoming
international competition together
this is an international chef
competition contestants can play freely
within 100 minutes of production
at the start of the competition the
chefs showed their abilities
but southang and the chef grind up the
beans with a grinding disk
turns out they are going to make the
most common dish mapo tofu
but if you want to make ordinary dishes
they must be delicious
it's never easy to be innovative again
fortunately
southang is unique he set the bean paste
into the tofu like a red marble pattern
made the beef juice into a big bowl
use a knife to gently stroke the juice
inside to stay in the tofu
the ginger juice and green onion balls
seem to burst in your mouth
what's more important is not forgetting
the original mapo tofu as the name
suggests
the most important thing is the stir fry
of hemp pepper and chili
it is fragrant and numb the whole
combination is one word
it's so delicious compared to other
contestants dishes
pigeon meat sashimi sushi colorful curry
molecular cuisine
flashy but exquisitely presented but
lost the temperature no doubt
sao fang and they deserve the award next
they will challenge a two-time champion
chef god of cookery
but according to the rules only one
person can participate in the final game
so the chef gave the opportunity to
zaofang but southang was dumbfounded
when the competition started
standing still the god of cookery poured
a bowl of water on him
sao fang just realized clean the table
top and pour flour
this time he is going to make a bowl of
warm noodle soup
on the other hand the god of cookery put
the boiled brown sugar in the plate
after finalizing the shape use kai to
pull a flower in full bloom on the
flaming mountain
full of lifelike shore flowers the
lifelikeness of the other shore flowers
so beautiful the judges have a taste of
the opportunities
not only does it have a cool mint taste
after fine tasting it has the fragrance
of lily
it was saofang's turn but he did not
serve the dishes to the judges
but go straight to the god of cookery
and serve it with both hands
it turns out that god of cookery is
zaofang's father southang wanted to be
like a father since he was a child
excellent chef but god of cookery never
looked down upon his son
even left his son at home it takes
decades to leave
saofang participates in this competition
i just want to prove it to my father
you can also be a good chef and this
full of noodles was taught by his father
since he was a child
father tasted the taste of home
he finally woke up i have been chasing
fame and fortune but i have neglected
the most cherished family affection
the two finally let go of their
suspicions at this moment
winning or losing is not important
anymore for zhaofang
the highest state of a chef is a
delicious relationship from the tip of
the tongue to the tip of the heart
let the big taste of happiness this is
the real god of cookery